VIRAL FEWER :-The drugs used for viral infection are Acyclovir (Zovirax), famciclovir (Famvir), and valacyclovir (Valtrex) are effective against herpesvirus, including herpes zoster and herpes genitalis.Drugs used for treatment for viral fever are Acetaminophen(Tylenolothers)ibuprofen (Advil,motrin IB others).
STAY SAFE AND HAPPY.
COLD and FLU :-Decongestants (e.g.pseudoephedrine) can relieve a runny nose and congestion.Dextromethorphan is an effective cough suppressant, but because a cough is a protective reflex, it is not usually a bad thing.Take dextromethorphan if your cough is interfering with sleep or work.Acetaminophen, Aspirin, Ibuprofen.If symptoms are severe, you may alternate acetaminophen and ibuprofen every two hours for pain or fever relief.
Gargling with warm saltwater (1 tsp. salt in one cup of warm water) every four hours may help ease pain by reducing swollen tonsils.
DIARRHEA :-Use over-the-counter lactobacillus acidophilus capsules or tablets.These bacteria help maintain a healthy intestine,and are found in yogurt with live active cultures.Decrease level of exercise until symptoms are gone,such as Imodium A-D, should only be used if absolutely necessary because it is important to let diarrhea flush out the bacteria or parasite that’s causing the infection.
MONONUCLEOSIS :-Avoiding someone with mono can be hard because infected individuals often do not show symptoms.Because the incubation period is so long, a person can be contagious 1-2 months before showing any symptoms, and some people don’t show symptoms at all.Even after signs of mono have disappeared, a person may still be producing the virus. A strong immune system, maintained by healthy diet, exercise, and adequate sleep, can help you from getting ill.Fortunately, mono is not very contagious, and is usually only passed through intimate contact, such as kissing.
DIABETES :-Metformin (Fortamet, Glumetza, others) is generally the first medication prescribed for type 2 diabetes.Sulfonylureas help your body secrete more insulin.Examples include glyburide (DiaBeta, Glynase), glipizide (Glucotrol) and glimepiride (Amaryl).Possible side effects include:Glinides stimulate the pancreas to secrete more insulin.They're faster acting than sulfonylureas, and the duration of their effect in the body is shorter.Examples include repaglinide and nateglinide..Thiazolidinediones make the body's tissues more sensitive to insulin.Examples include rosiglitazone (Avandia) and pioglitazone (Actos)..DPP-4 inhibitors help reduce blood sugar levels but tend to have a very modest effect.Examples include sitagliptin (Januvia), saxagliptin (Onglyza) and linagliptin (Tradjenta).
STOMACH ACHE :-gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)irritable bowel syndrome or spastic colon (a disorder that causes abdominal pain, cramping, and changes in bowel movements)Crohn’s disease (an inflammatory bowel disease)lactose intolerance (the inability to digest lactose, the sugar found in milk and milk products).
